Uncover the truth about Shadow The Hedgehog... with a friend!
Do you recall that one Sonic spinoff title released in 2005 for GameCube, PS2, and Xbox? A proud "1-2 Players" mark on the back of the game case. The game never deserved such a mark... until now.

What is this?
As the name suggests, this project aims to bring 2 Players into all of the 1 Player modes in the game.
While this has technically been achieved, its far from perfect. For now stick to Story Mode/Select Mode and only play maps without the red X in the Level Status Map.

Can I change characters?
Yes, select 2P-VS, select characters, back out to the main menu at the 1-3 round select screen. Your character choices will carry over to 2P CO-OP.

Known Issues / Things to know before playing
1. Unloads/loads geometry and collision data based on Player 1 only.
--This means its recommended to stick somewhat close together or P2 will fall through the floor (go on, try it!)
--For most levels the geometry will unload first. This is a good indicator that you are getting too far.
2. P2's camera is barebones - the more experienced player of the two should be P2.
3. Air-vents/Air Blower bug - either player may get stuck in the animation.
--Use Chaos Blast to break out of the animation. (either player Z+L to fill meter)
4. Checkpoint backtracking does not warp P2
5. Don't use chaos control. If you decide to use Chaos Control (or have to, like in The Last Way), first press Z+R to activate chaos control state for P1 and P2.
--Both players need to press Y within close proximity- the Chaos Control camera event does not pause inputs.
6. Some vehicles are broken if P2 uses them (car in Westopolis, car/motorcycle in Lethal Highway), avoid vehicles unless they are a required section (e.g. Prison Island should be fine).
7. Turrets should only be used by P1
8. For Black Hawk/Flying sections, make sure P2 and P1 are lined up to mount separate hawks, P2 must mount first then P1 mounts next to avoid a camera issue.

How to Install & Play
Included in the release zip is a detailed step-by-step HOW TO PLAY.txt
Brief summary:

===Nintendont (for Wii / Wii U)===
    Use GCR to extract the game, replace files from zip, rebuild ISO.
    Place provided GCT next to your game.iso on the device you will use for Nintendont
    Enable: Cheats, Unlock Read Speed
                 Recommended: Memcard Emulation, Force Progressive, Video Width (value)
    Disable: (ensure this is off) Force Widescreen
===Dolphin (for PC)===
    Use GCR to extract the game, replace files from zip, rebuild ISO.
    Use provided Dolphin build for recommended configuration
    -- if you opt to use your own Dolphin build, It must be 5.0-8985 or newer. Ensure you add the gecko codes, set Aspect Ratio to Stretch-to-Window (or 16:9,   
       but Stretch-to-Window gives both players more screen space), and disable Dolphin's built in Widescreen Hack if its on.
    Configure Dolphin Emulated clockspeed based on performance (varies per system)

Extras Credits  
- Rouge over YellowAndroidShadow by Shadowth117
- True Black Shadow by TheHatedGravity
- Widescreen Hack by LimblessVector
- Infinite Lives by Link Master
- Original Fill Dark/Hero meter codes by Zzetti
- GCR by BSV
- Level edits made possible by tools and reversing work done by igorsabra4, sewer56, LimblessVector